Jde Project, web page: http://jde.gsyc.es
https://trac.jde.gsyc.es/jde
Grupo de Robotica URJC, http://www.robotica-urjc.es

jde.c is a software development suite for robotics applications,
written in C language. It provides a programming environment where the
robot control program is made up of a collection of several concurrent
asynchronous threads named schemas. It is based on JDE cognitive
architecture for autonomous robots. The underlying theoretical
foundations can be found in the related publications.

jde.c simplifies the access to robotic hardware from the control
program. Getting sensor measurements is as simple as reading a local
variable, and ordering motor commands as easy as writing an actuator
variable. The platform updates those sensor variables with fresh
readings and implements such actuator variables. All of them together
set a shared variable API for the robot programming. The robotic
application reads and writes such variables to unfold its behavior.
They can be connected to real sensors and actuators or simulated ones,
both locally or remotely using the network. Several drivers have been
developed to support different physical sensors, actuators and
simulators. The drivers are used as plugins installed at will
depending on your configuration. They are included in the official
release.

On top of such variable API there may be perceptive and actuation
schemas as building blocks of the robotic application. Perceptive
schemas make some data processing to provide information about the
world or the robot. Actuation schemas make decisions in order to reach
or maintain some goal. They order motor commands or activate new
schemas, because the schemas can be combined forming hierarchies.
Several schemas are included in the official release. 

For further information, go to docs/manual, type "make" and get it  
at jdecmanual.pdf


COMPILE:

To compile jde.c you need to satisfy the following dependences:

* Kernel headers.
* libraw1394-13-dev and libdc1394-13-dev, for firewire support. 
* Player/Stage packages for Player/Stage support (only simulator available right now).
* XForms (libforms-bin libforms-dev libforms1 libformsgl1 libx11-dev x11proto-core-dev libformsgl-dev), for GUI support. 
* OpenGL headers and glu headers (libgl1-mesa libgl1-mesa-dev, libglu1-mesa-dev mesa-common-dev glutg3-dev), for opengl support (necessary in visualization)

Then just type 

$ make
